readme.md, before:

Dracula colorscheme for Gnome Terminal
========================================

![Dracula](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/398893/3528156/4d3d53a8-078c-11e4-8518-820d61886e7a.gif)

> A dark colorscheme for [Gnome Terminal](https://github.com/GNOME/gnome-terminal).

This colorscheme is based on the well-known __Solarized Dark__ colorscheme for the Gnome Terminal, it was created using [Dracula's color palette](https://github.com/zenorocha/dracula-theme#color-palette).

Installation
----------------------

This theme can be installed on Gnome 3 terminal and any other Gnome based terminal program like the Unity terminal bundled with Ubuntu.

You'll need the `dconf` command (if you run a recent Gnome version). In Ubuntu,this can be installed by running:

    $ sudo apt-get install dconf-cli

In other distros you'll need to dig around to find it, search your repositories for __dconf__ related packages.

After installing dconf, you can clone this repository to your machine.

    $ git clone https://github.com/GalaticStryder/gnome-terminal-colors-dracula
    $ cd gnome-terminal-colors-dracula

Then you can run the installation script:

    $ ./install.sh

And just follow the steps.

Contributors
----------------------

### Solarized project:

* Sigurd Gartmann <sigurdga@sigurdga.no>
* Anthony Ruhier <anthony.ruhier@gmail.com>
* Paul Thomson <captbunzo@gmail.com>
* Techlive Zheng <techlivezheng@gmail.com>
* Daniel Graña <dangra@gmail.com>

License
----------------------

This project is licensed under [GPL3](gpl-3.0.md).

Commit message:

readme: Add syntax highlightning for zsh as an addon
Signed-off-by: GalaticStryder <icarohoff@gmail.com>

readme.md, after:

Dracula colorscheme for Gnome Terminal
========================================

![Dracula](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/398893/3528156/4d3d53a8-078c-11e4-8518-820d61886e7a.gif)

> A dark colorscheme for [Gnome Terminal](https://github.com/GNOME/gnome-terminal).

This colorscheme is based on the well-known __Solarized Dark__ colorscheme for the Gnome Terminal, it was created using [Dracula's color palette](https://github.com/zenorocha/dracula-theme#color-palette).

Installation
----------------------

This theme can be installed on Gnome 3 terminal and any other Gnome based terminal program like the Unity terminal bundled with Ubuntu.

You'll need the `dconf` command (if you run a recent Gnome version). In Ubuntu,this can be installed by running:

    $ sudo apt-get install dconf-cli

In other distros you'll need to dig around to find it, search your repositories for __dconf__ related packages.

After installing dconf, you can clone this repository to your machine.

    $ git clone https://github.com/GalaticStryder/gnome-terminal-colors-dracula
    $ cd gnome-terminal-colors-dracula

Then you can run the installation script:

    $ ./install.sh

And just follow the steps.

Addons
----------------------

To complement your user experience I recommend installing [zsh-syntax-highlighting](https://github.com/zsh-users/zsh-syntax-highlighting/blob/master/INSTALL.md). This is going to allow commands to have their own colors and styles.

Contributors
----------------------

### Solarized project:

* Sigurd Gartmann <sigurdga@sigurdga.no>
* Anthony Ruhier <anthony.ruhier@gmail.com>
* Paul Thomson <captbunzo@gmail.com>
* Techlive Zheng <techlivezheng@gmail.com>
* Daniel Graña <dangra@gmail.com>

License
----------------------

This project is licensed under [GPL3](gpl-3.0.md).
