Smyck Colorscheme for Gnome Terminal
========================================

Scripts for setting the [Smyck color set](http://color.smyck.org/) with Gnome Terminal.

This implementation is a fork of
[gnome-terminal-colors-solarized](https://github.com/Anthony25/gnome-terminal-colors-solarized)
with the color values changed. Essentially all the work was done by that
project.  I have not yet looked into the dircolors stuff. I may some day. Or you
can submit a pull request :)

The remainder of this readme is copied from the original repo with instances of
"solarized" replaced with "smyck" and references to dark vs. light settings
removed.

Installation and usage
----------------------

To be able to uninstall, we highly recommend that you create a new Gnome
Terminal profile, using the menus in Gnome Terminal.

You need the `dconf` command (if you run a recent Gnome version). With Ubuntu,
this can be installed by running

    $ sudo apt-get install dconf-cli

Then you can run the installation script:

    $ ./install.sh

And just follow the instructions.

Uninstall
---------

[**this section is untested**]

Change to another profile in Gnome Terminal, then remove the Smyck profile
by running:

### Gnome 3.6 or lower

    $ rm -r ~/.gconf/apps/gnome-terminal/profiles/Smyck/

### Gnome 3.8 or higher

Be sure to have the dconf-cli package installed and do:

    $ dconf reset -f /org/gnome/terminal/legacy/profiles:/PROFILE_ID"

Replace PROFILE_ID by your profile ID (you can get it in your profile
configuration in gnome-terminal).

Contributors
------------

### to the smyck version:

* Vinney Cavallo <vcavallo@gmail.com>

### to original gnome solarized project:

* Sigurd Gartmann <sigurdga@sigurdga.no>
* Anthony Ruhier <anthony.ruhier@gmail.com>
* Paul Thomson <captbunzo@gmail.com>
* Techlive Zheng <techlivezheng@gmail.com>
* Daniel Graña <dangra@gmail.com>

FAQ
===

Conflicting background colors in VIM
------------------------------------

Use the 16 colors terminal option to get VIM to look like GVIM with smyck
colors.

    set t_Co=16

